Removing old version content (#1292)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/porting/tools/exporter.md

The **common code** is contained in three files:

>  * `tools/project.py` contains the command-line interface and handles the differences between Mbed OS 2 tests and Mbed OS 5 and 6 projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `tools/project.py` contains the entry point of the script to export projects from the Mbed tools to any of the supported IDEs or project structures.
```
